hey YouTube this is cooking with Todd
again today I'm going to come for you a
Cajun pork and chicken rice jambalaya
the setup I'm using today is a 16 port
Dutch oven with a cheap generic what's
called alpha cooker on amazon.com with a
locally made stand that fits this alpha
cooker or a Cajun Cadillac cooker and
I'm using propane for my fuel source
today alright here we go
to start off with a pound of bacon Brown
that off move it oil give it a smoke
flavoring in the pot it's pretty much
everybody knows how the brown baking of
us stop the video and come back when
it's nice and doing it well buck ready
to add the meat support me
here we are halfway through the Browning
of the bacon that's Medora taylor star
in the pot looking good
here's the bacon all completely fried
what I'm gonna do is take the bacon out
leave the drippings in the pan so I can
fry my pork in all right I'm going to
add three pounds of pork
and little projects are really good
if you
what I'm going to do is I'm going to fry
this up real hard real crispy Ilocano on
the bottom of the pot start the video
back up when I've got it almost done
here we are about halfway through this
is the fork in the chicken combined I
said family do them all in together this
is important three pound pork but
actually sick pound of pork butt and
three pounds of chicken thighs cut up
season really heavy and I mean really
heavy with some homemade Cajun seasoning
blend from our friend Kathy give a shout
out to Kathy champion pebility it's a
real good seasoning blend like I say
we're about halfway through here this is
the three what we call three pounds
jambalaya which is going to be 3 pounds
pork normally you'd have 3 pounds of
sausage but I didn't have any sausage
smoked sausage available so I've dealt
with it so that's 6 pounds of pork free
pile the chicken and I'll have three
pounds of onion in here that's what 3
pounds of rice or spaghetti you can if
you make an apostille eye that's what we
is - we call 3 pound jambalaya well here
we are all the pork and the chicken or
frog real good what I'm going to do is
take the chicken out take the pork in
and check it out strain it that will
cook my vegetables in the leftover
grease oil and flavorings ok now I'm
going to add my 3 pounds of onions to
the grotto at the bottom of the pot with
the remaining grease and bacon grease
from
the bacon and pork and chicken onion
and this is one bunch of celery one
bunch of green onion and one package of
ground fresh mushrooms I probably had a
can of mushrooms later on why because
you have a family like mushrooms
download our kale in the background you
just heard now as you saute any
vegetables what you want to do is this
is a flat bottom spoon you want scrape
the bottom of your pot to get your
goodies up which is where a lot of your
flavorings that it's going to mix with
your vegetables it really helps easing
your vegetables get a good flavor good
coloring on your vegetables where you
don't have to get all needs use any
kitchen bouquet
and that's what I'm doing right now he's
scraping the bottom look to see that the
bottle is pretty clean now cook these
now they're nice and caramelized
here we are about halfway through the
Browning process of all the vegetables
you can see the onions are turning nice
and brown most of us actually from the
grotto at the bottom of the pot I like
I'm gonna cook these down to nice and a
little bit more color tone than this a
little bit more brown color before I add
the fluid add the meat back and then
I'll add the stock well we'll be back in
just a little bit